hi guys this is risen again from being
creative in the kitchen today because
you know i purchased this the just the
whites I talk about my video today in
the fountain form of egg white with
cholesterol free fat free sugar free
everything free and this morning I said
50 grams but it's 15 milligrams of
sodium chosen barely the addictive
Saigon cinnamon kokomo of course and 16
1 tablespoon of whip cream only i'm
making a white chocolate delight yeah i
saw me happy they'll be making with a
whip out until I made this one I ate
minority it's so delicious but you have
to make just a little bit or you
couldn't become one white chocolate
delight okay in I already melt the
coconut oil just one tablespoon of
coconut oil and I'm using 1 T 1
tablespoon of a whipped cream mixed with
trivia I put I put for package for
little packets like those 10 trivia with
a whipped cream and I put it in
microwave for 20 seconds and i melted
together and i'm going to add the just a
white in the cinnamon right now okay so
you add one teaspoon
over there let me see you add just one
teaspoon now too i'm sorry the just a
white 2 tsp you see you like is my cup
he's like a flower like a milk to a big
12 TSP of just the whites hold on
okay what it is a pallet okay and whisk
it together add the whipped cream mix
whether through via together either it
already looks delish if you taste this
look like heaven you don't hit me up if
you add this on your coffee it is
perfect and you add I just you know a
little sprinkle of the Saigon cinnamon
because my coconut oil was already here
is getting hard but you can put back in
the microwave a mountain so you can add
although the things but I'm going to add
this the way it is you know I'm just
gonna put on those little things i'm
just gonna fill it up two of those are
we gonna eat the whole thing so let me
add let me shoot it out i hope you guys
can't see cousin I'm work with the ipod
not camera so i don't know he's already
getting it like a cream like a condensed
milk or something like
do say the legend okay so II I'm gonna
put in the frigerator and as delicious
you guys already ate so you guys have a
good day and you can try bye